	The visions visit you again while you rest. You see a young city growing at the confluence of three rivers. The landscape and skyline is unfamiliar, but it is clearly the city of Triport perhaps a century earlier or more. The city was founded by bandits and highwaymen, but it has already become a bustling center for trade and commerce. You find yourself in the southwest quarter of the city. The buildings there are already crowding into slums and ghettoes.
	In a small butcher shop squashed in between two larger buildings you can see a young boy scrubbing blood from the tile floor. The boy is maybe 7 or 8, a young drow with a shaved head. Gaunt cheekbones cast shadows on his charcoal skin and his purple eyes shine with intelligence. You can feel his hunger as if it is your own. The boy and his mother survive on scraps from the Butcher's table. Behind the counter the Butcher and the boy's mother argue with raised voices.
	The boy refuses to acknowledge the Butcher as his father despite the Butcher's assertions. The boy's real father must have left long ago, a knight questing to slay dragons and giants. The Butcher strikes the boy's mother with the back of his hand. The boy already knows his mother will leave him soon, he only hopes she will take him with her. He knows the Butcher will not let either of them out of his grasp. The Butcher moves to hit the boy's mother again, but he is interrupted by a blood soaked rag, thrown in his face defiantly by the young boy. A hopeless gesture against the Butcher's powerful frame, but the boy hopes to draw the Butcher's ire away from his mother.
	The Butcher stalks over to the small boy, and words steeped in rage come through his clenched teeth "You little runt!" The boy tries to scramble away, but the Butcher catches a skinny arm in his iron grasp. "I'll teach you a lesson in respect you won't forget" the Butcher spits as he punches the boy in the ribs with his free hand. The boy knows the Butcher is not his father. A father would never treat his family like this. 
	"Please don't hurt Karl" the boy's mother cries out weakly, but she doesn't move to stop him. The Butcher holds the boy's hand on the chopping block and pulls a large cleaver from his apron. The boy has stopped struggling, the inevitability of what is to come has sunk in. "This will teach you to respect your father!" shouts the Butcher as he raises the knife. In response, the boy only bares his teeth in a barbarous grin. The blade chops through skin, flesh, and bone. You feel the boys pain as his little finger on his left hand falls to the floor. The pain only reaffirms the boy's fervent belief: this man is not his father. 
	The boy falls to the floor, his vision filled with black spots. "Clean this shit up and get back to work", barks the Butcher, "I'm going out for a drink". As the boy's vision fades to black you feel a sense of deja vu. The dreams seem linked, some sort of cycle or sequence. When you jolt awake in a cold sweat, the child's purple eyes and his angry grin are burned into your mind.