	The visions come to you again while you rest. You once again find yourself in the ancient great city of dark obsidian and square architecture <History>. The young boy from your first vision is now on the cusp of manhood, perhaps 16 or 17. His head is still shaved and he is dressed in a crisp uniform. The young man has snuck into the cruel teachers office and workshop while he is away on business. The golden-eyed youngster is working with an unfamiliar wood. He painstakingly strips the spiral patterned bark before shredding the wood into small chips. Then he works the chips into a pulp which he shapes into a thick card-stock sheet of paper. Sweat drips from the young man's brow; the work is laborious and he needs to finish tonight. You can see beside him is an arcane tome written in an arcane script <History> that he references occasionally.
	After the card-stock is finished and dyed, the young man begins painting the faces of the cards. The colors on the card lie flat and the figures are crude, but their forms are distinct. After painting all 78 cards, the boy splays the cards out on the floor face up in a semicircle and strips down to his undergarments. You can see scars on the boy's arms and back bearing the record of countless lashings and floggings. The young man is skinny, but toned. He begins to paint his arms and back with purple paint, tracing arcane symbols and bindings on his body <Arcana>. Once he has finished the boy consults the arcane tome one last time before speaking aloud "Knowledge requires sacrifice. Thus, great knowledge requires great sacrifice".
	The boy picks up a long thin blade from the worktable and begins cutting into his own face. The blade bites, a sensation you've become almost used to. Muttering an arcane chant, the young man pries his right eye from its socket with the help of the blade. The symbols on his body glow with power and the eyeball ignites in purple fire. The eye burns until it is just golden ash in his left hand. With his other hand he grabs the deck of cards and rubs the golden ash into the back of the cards. When he is finished with the ritual the card backs are no longer plain, they have the insignia of an iris embossed in gold. When he turns the cards over and examines the faces, the figures almost leap off the cards they are so colorful and lifelike. The man cuts and shuffles the deck and begins to cackle maniacally. His grin looks lopsided, half painted with the blood from his now empty eye socket. You feel his triumph and pride, tinged with a hint of madness.
	When you jolt awake it is still the middle of the night, the witching hour. The deck beckons to you. Driven by some insane impulse you take the deck out of your pack and find a penknife. "Great knowledge requires great sacrifice" you mutter to yourself. Before you have the chance to lose your nerve you cut into your left hand, bright blood staining your dark skin. You speak the same words the young man spoke in an unfamiliar tongue. The words feel thick on your tongue. The blood begins to glow a florescent blue. You smear the blood on the backs of the cards and feel a bond forged in blood with the deck. The connection sheds some light on the artifact itself. The dreams are a sense memory of sorts, an echo of the history of the deck. For the first time you also learn the true name of the artifact. The Deck has had many names throughout the ages. The Deck of Knowledge. The Deck of Sight. The Fool's Deck. The Almanac. The Fool's Ephemeris. However the first and true name of the artifact is the Deck of Fate.
	Operating on instinct you draw three cards from the deck. You don't know much about tarot readings, but you can read these cards as clear as common. The first is the Inverted Ace of Pentacles which signifies a lost opportunity, a missed chance, or a bad investment. The second card is the Inverted 10 of Cups which signifies shattered dreams, a broken family, disharmony. The final card is the 6 of Cups which signifies moving forward, leaving home, or independence. The future is hazy, but you can tell that the road ahead will be hard. "Great knowledge requires great sacrifice" you think to yourself one final time before you fall asleep again. When you awake your hand has no wound, but you can feel the blood bond between you and the Deck of Fate.
