You see flashes of another vision while you sleep. You see a light purple skinned goliath, just barely entering adulthood. The goliath is doing a complex obstacle course: climbing walls, hopping across wooden platforms and crawling under thick brambles. The goliaths shirtless chess glistens with sweat as he trains, practicing for the trials <History>. Unlike most adult goliaths, his skin is unblemished by tribal tattoos. It is barely dawn, but the goliath knows that tonight he will slay his first monster or die trying. The goliath trains and studies all day, unable to eat or relax. At sunset he goes down to the monster pit where the other Unnamed are gearing up. The goliath is the youngest so he will go last. He sees them each enter the wooden stadium and hears the howls and screams of combat, but doesn't know who makes it through or not. Finally it is his turn. He enters the ring apprehensively. The sandy pit is wet with blood. At the other end is a sleek great cat covered in blue-black fur. The beast resembles a mundane panther save for its six legs and tentacles <Arcana>. In the center of the ring is a circle of weapons. The goliath picks up a sword and a shield, never taking his eyes off the beast. The beast and the goliath circle each other for a few moments before the goliath strikes. He swings down with his sword aiming at the beasts left shoulder, but the blade swings through harmlessly and he is struck with two tentacles from behind. Spinning around he sees that the first beast was an illusion projected by the first beast. He swings again, but once again his sword slices through harmlessly. This time the tentacles knock the blade from his hand to the sand. When he turns to try to find the beast again he is knocked on his back by the beast's tackle, the shield barely saving him from the claws and teeth. The tentacles slide around the shield and the pinned goliath can feel him losing his grip. In desperation, he shoves the shield into the beast's maw and lets go, scrambling away as the beast hurls the shield away. Cornered and unarmed, the goliath frantically looks for a weapon. He can feel the disapproval of the Named Men and the Elders in the stands. As he scrambles back against the wall one of his hands finds a heavy stone brick. He grips the brick in his hand and prepares for the beast to pounce. When the beast pounces instead of rolling out of the way like his instincts scream, he rolls towards the beast. Instead of the sucking grasp of tentacles and the tearing claws and teeth he goes right through the beast, another illusion. Surprised by the goliath's maneuver the true beast is off balanced for a moment, allowing the goliath to strike with the brick. A few moments later, the beast's head is caved in and the brick is wet with blood in the goliath's hands. The crowd cheers and the Unnamed goliath knows that he will finally receive a name. The Elders put a yellow powder in his wounds, stopping the bleeding. They wrap him in a wool blanket and begin the ceremonial trek up to the Sky-Alter. The other Unnamed walk with him. There were 12 who went in and only 3 who survived, a strong stock this year. When the moon is high in the sky the clan arrives at the Sky-Alter. The three young goliaths are all given their names and their first tribal tattoos, the dark purple ink staining their light skin. The others are named Blade and Mace, named for the weapons that gave them their first kill. The last goliath is given the name Brick, a name and a weapon that he will carry for the rest of his days. When you wake you can taste blood in your mouth and feel the itch of fresh tattoos on your face, but when you look in a mirror your skin is unmarred.