	After a long night of writing, you collapse into bed and fall asleep. While you slumber, you dream you are the four-fingered tabaxi again. You're older now and you can provide for yourself, but you still feel a deep hunger, a hunger that never fades no matter how many sardines you swallow. That hunger is what has driven you to this place, the overgrown ruins of a tomb. Countless adventurers and grave robbers have come looking for the tomb of the First King of Caelthor <History>. Most never make it this far and those who do never return.
	After puzzling your way past the door to the ancient mausoleum you find yourself in a room full of treasure and the decrepit skeletons of previous adventurers. The room is littered with gold, gemstones, silvered weapons, enchanted armor, and ancient manuscripts. You leave it all behind; In addition to the ominous presence of the corpses, you know all the good stuff will be in the king's chamber. You head down several twisting hallways, taking care to watch for traps and mark your path on the wall with chalk. You dodge past slicing blades and slide beneath a barrage of poisonous darts before you arrive at the king's chamber.
	The room is a perfect circle with a domed ceiling. A circle of 13 statues surrounds the king's sarcophagus <History>, illuminated by a single shaft of sunlight let in through the oculus of the dome. You drop into a couch to survey the room. There are no telltale skeletons, but someone must have made it this far before; the traps thus far have been mediocre at best. The tiled floor could conceal pressure plates or hidden spike pits, so you choose not to risk stepping foot on the floor. Instead you take your climbing gear out of your knapsack and begin scaling the wall. Your climbing hooks help you ascend to the top of the dome where you hammer in a piton and secure some rope to lower yourself onto the lid of sarcophagus.
	The lid is carved with the likeness of the bearded king, purportedly a man as handsome as he was wise and fair, but all humans look the same to you. You use your climbing hooks to lift the lid to peek inside the coffin. Inside you see a grinning skeleton dressed in fine armor on a bed of gems and gold. You grin; They say you can't take it with you, but that doesn't stop anyone from trying.
	You load you bag with loot until it is almost overflowing. You're about to lower the lid when you notice the skeleton has something clutched in his bony hands. You pry against his stone cold grip, but the grinning king holds on as if grasping at the last vestiges of life itself. With a loud snap you finally wrench the small object from his clasp, breaking a few of his fingers in the process and throwing you a bit off balance. You wince, not just because you can relate to the pain of losing a finger, but because losing your balance while dangling from a rope is the mistake of a sloppy beginner, not a seasoned burglar.
	You examine your prize, which appears to be a deck of ornately decorated playing cards. While your attention is on the cards, a heavy necklace with a large gem slips out of your knapsack, knocked loose when you lost your balance. Your claws flash out, reaching for the falling treasure, but it is already too late. The pendant hits the floor with a loud clatter. You freeze, holding your breathe.
	For a moment you think you might be safe, but then the floor tile lowers almost imperceptibly and you can see the door to the chamber slam shut. You start pulling yourself back up your lifeline as the mouths of the 13 statues open and begin spewing acrid green gas. You scramble up the rope to the oculus of the dome, the gas quickly filling the room. Hoping the shaft to the surface is wide enough for you to fit, you break the glass of the oculus, tie your knapsack to your foot, and begin climbing through the rough hewn rock.
	You can feel the cold gas seeping in behind you as you squeeze through the narrow tunnel. The rock presses against you from all angles and cuts into your flesh as you force yourself through. After what seems like an eternity you are almost at the opening when you hear a whooshing sound and feel heat at your heels. Of course, poisonous gas was too easy, it had to be flammable poisonous gas. You double your pace and scrabble out of the narrow vent, fur singed by the fireball that exits the shaft just after.
	You roll over and lay on your back, looking up at the sky while you catch your breath. You examine the deck of cards more closely and draw a card to examine the craftsmanship. The figures seem lifelike, the vibrant colors make the figure almost leap off the card. Your attention is suddenly seized by a burning pain from your tail, apparently you didn't fully extinguish the flames.
	You're woken up by the heat of flames at your feet and smell of smoke. Somehow while you slept, you got tangled up in your sheets and knocked over a candle you forgot to extinguish before you fell asleep. You quickly pat out the flames, but you think you'll probably need to buy some new sheets. Beside you, as always, is Halfwit. The card face up on the top of the deck, the Queen of Pentacles, depicts a tabaxi surrounded by coin and dressed in fine linens, but carrying a deadly blade 