You see flashes of another vision while you sleep, an experience that is becoming almost familiar to you. You see a legion of hobgoblins on a galley, preparing to assault a beach. You find yourself on the ship, wearing the heavy hobgoblin chainmail. You grip your bastard sword in your left hand and your shield in your right. Your shield is battered and dented from decades of combat and your sword is covered in nicks and scratches. A fellow soldier smacks you on your back and says "you ready to make them pay Decimus?" and you find yourself answering "Always Flavius, always." Despite your bravado you feel a weight in your heart and you think to yourself "Why do I do this?" Your thoughts are interrupted by the first volley of arrows thudding into the deck from the cliffs above the beach. The Ship's Drakemaster yells "Shields up" and your unit immediately falls into formation the shields protecting the rowers like the shell of a turtle <History>. Volley after volley of arrows skid of your shields as the galley approaches the beach. After what seems like an eternity you feel the bow of the ship slide into the sandy beach. "Charge!" the Drakemaster yells, spurring your unit into action. You jump into the water and begin wading towards the beach with your shield raised. The waves put you off balance in your heavy mail armor, and several of the younger soldiers stumble and fall into the surf where they are easily picked off by archers on the cliffs. The charge up the beach is brutal; your muscles scream from exhaustion and many fresh faced recruits are killed before they even reach the base of the cliffs. You find yourself thinking again "Why do I do this". After ascending the cliffs you begin storming the garrison. The humans here were ill prepared for a hobgoblin assault of this magnitude, but then again not many strongholds are capable of withstanding an assault from an entire legion of hobgoblins. In the garrison, you cut through the humans like a hot knife through butter. You stab a young man, barely more than a boy through the gut and you think to yourself "Why do I do this?" Soon the fighting is all but finished and the Drakemaster and his mount make quick work of the stragglers. You look around for Flavius, hoping to see him among the living, dreading seeing him among the dead. When you find him, he is being treated by the medic. One of the humans must have splashed him with acid or burning oil because his handsome countenance is now marred with angry, red blisters. Once you would have felt rage at the injury of one of your platoon members, but right now you don't feel anything. "I'm going to go cut firewood" you say to nobody in particular. You doff your heavy armor and lay your sword and shield by your rucksack. You grab an axe and begin walking into the woods. While you walk, the screams of the men you killed echo in your ears. When you close your eyes, you see the countless faces of lives you've taken in your decades of service. "Why do I do this" you think as you continue deeper into the forest.