	You dream you are falling and suffocating, trapped in an rockslide of rock and dust. Just when you begin to get lightheaded from a lack of air, you stop falling and the rocks spill out into an open chamber. Red moonlight spills in through a couple cracks and holes in the ceiling high overhead. You can see an opening in the wall at the top of a large staircase next to what looks like some sort of altar. While walking towards the staircase you step in a puddle and look down at your reflection and see an unfamiliar reflection staring back at you. You are a young nobleman in unfamiliar garb <History>. You would be considered classically attractive if not for the baby fat around your neck and a gut distended from drink. Memories come flooding back and you remember drinking and exploring some ruins with some friends. You hid in the shadows with another attractive noblewoman for a passionate embrace, but when you leaned against the wall it collapsed, sending you plummeting into the chamber below.
	You continue onwards up the steep staircase. The ruins architecture is unfamiliar and utilitarian. When you reach the altar you can see a stack of beautiful playing cards, splayed out on the altar illuminated by a single beam of red moonlight. The card backs are embossed with a gold iris and the fronts are painted so lifelike the figures almost spring off the cards. You feel drawn to the cards and you instinctively cut and shuffle the deck with practiced ease. You draw a card from the deck and see the King of Cups. You stare at the card, lost in thought for what feels like several minutes.
	You are shaken out of your reverie by the shouts of familiar voices, "Cael, where are you!" <History> You put the deck of cards in your jacket pocket and shout back "I'm down here!". You push through the gap in the wall, rejoining your drunk friends. "We thought you died Cael!". The group decides to head back to town to continue drinking, but the rest of the night you keep tracing the embossed backs of the cards, lost in thought. 
	When you wake up, you find Halfwit, the talking deck of cards, in your hands. The card face up on the top of the deck is one of the 6 blackened cards. Looking closer at the card you can almost make out the faded outline of the King of Cups.